### Title

Relationship Between Average Token Entropy (Bits/Token) and Character Error Rate (CER)

### Purpose of the Figure

This is the arguably the most important figure of this research paper that identifies the relationship between the two variables that this paper aimed to find a relationship between. As entropy increases, there is a rise in the CER.

### Generated By

[entropy_vs_cer.py](../../scripts/entropy_vs_cer.py)

### Input Files Used

[results_k_10.csv](../../results/csv/results_k_10.csv)

### Output Filenames

PNG: [figure_01_entropy_vs_cer.png](../../results/figures/figure_01_entropy_vs_cer.png)

SVG: [figure_01_entropy_vs_cer.svg](../../results/figures/figure_01_entropy_vs_cer.svg)


### X-axis

Average Token Entropy (Bits/Token)

### Y-axis

Character Error Rate (CER)

### Units

Character Error Rate (CER): %

Average Token Entropy: Bits/Token

### Other Information

- Regression line: a line of best that aims to provide a representation of how the relationship between entropy and CER will continue to grow.

- Color: red line illustrates provides contrast between datapoints in blue.

- Filtering rules: samples with a CER > 1% were filtered from the dataset. 

- Normalization choices: whitespaces were normalized, punctuation was removed entirely, and all characters were converted to lowercase between ground-truth and ocr texts.

- Sample size: the plot illustrates the relationship between entropy and CER for 100 randomized-page excerpts. 

### Figure Importance

To showcase a relationship between entropy and CER.